If you're new to Cloud Code, this video
is for you. I'm going to share the tips
and tricks I wish I knew about Cloud
Code before I started building with it.
So, you're going to have a big head
start over people who are just jumping
in. Clog Code can seem intimidating at
first because it's just in your
terminal. This video is going to make it
really easy for you to understand all of
those tips and tricks and get started.
Tip number one of Cloud Code is slash
commands. If you're inside the terminal
with clawed code set up and you do a
slash, you can see all of the different
commands that you have available to you.
So, the next few tips are going to be
what I find the most valuable slash
commands that you need to know about,
but there are a lot here for you to
explore. So, let's go ahead to tip
number two, which is the compact slash
command. If you don't know about this,
as your chat window gets really long,
let's say you're chatting with Claude a
lot, that is using a lot of context and
tokens as you're chatting. So, if you
have a really long chat window, but you
want to clear conversation history, but
keep a summary in the context, all you
have to do is do slash compact. And then
if you want, you can even give an
optional custom summarization
instructions to be like focus a lot on X
or whatever you specifically want it to
summarize and do a really good job at.
So compact I find is really helpful. The
next one that I find really helpful is
security review. This is going to
complete a security review of the
pending changes on the current branch.
This is really helpful. I think this is
one of the trends of 2026 with vibe
coding is security. This is going to
help make sure that your app is secure.
Now, you also can always just ask Claw
to do a security review for you, but
that's a nice slash command that I
recommend checking out. So, the third
tip that you need to know about is the
agents slash command. Now, this is going
to be a little bit more advanced. I'm
going to talk a little bit longer about
the agents feature. Agents are
specialized sub agents that Claude can
delegate tasks to. You can think of them
almost like employees. Agents are
different from skills. I'm going to talk
about skills a little bit later in this
video. So agents, you think of it as its
own employee. They have their own
context window, their own custom system
prompt, and their own specific tools.
You can use the agent subcomand to
create a new agent. We can create a new
one. Right now, we can generate it with
Claude. And I'm going to do this to show
you exactly what it's like. Let's say I
want a marketer who can help me write
amazing brand copy. And just off of
that, it's going to create an agent
which is going to have a description and
a basically context instructions, custom
instructions on what is she did. Then at
any time you are working in Claude,
let's say you're building a landing page
and you want to have really amazing copy
for that landing page, you can invoke
that agent. Just literally ask Claude,
hey, we have an agent that we've created
called the marketing copy agent. So we
can create a new agent. You can decide
what tools you need. So we'll just say
for example, why don't we do readonly
tools and then hit continue. You can
decide how much power you want. Sauna
opus haiku and hit from parent. I'm
going to say opus and then you can give
it a color. Let's say purple. So there
we go. That's it. We can just save it.
So now we have an agent brand
copywriter. Anytime you want you can do
slash agents and then access the agents
here. So what's great about agents, I
can actually exit. Just a little
shortcut. You can always hit exit to get
back to basically the chat. Let's say
you have a whole chat going. You have a
landing page as as I was mentioning
before. You could say use the agent
brand copyriter or you wouldn't even
have to specifically write it out like
that to generate five headline ideas for
a coffee shop website. So I'll do that.
And what you're going to see is it's
going to pull up the sub agent. It's
going to show in a different color. And
it's basically here working in its own
context window. So you could have a
whole long chat. This is think of it
almost as an employee going off and
working in its own space and then coming
back and giving you an idea. Now you can
have multiple agents, sub aents working
at the same time. I could even spin up
multiple brand copywriter sub aents to
to work at the same time. And then here
we have five headline ideas for your
coffee shop website. The agent also
noted for cozy do two or five. Craft
forward one or four. Bold do three simp.
Just a really really powerful feature.
You can have a UXUI agent. You can have
a planning agent. You can have all sorts
of agents. You can even ask Claude,
"What kind of agents do you recommend I
create?" So, there's a lot that you can
do with agents. That's a really powerful
one to know about. So, that brings me to
my next tip. Tip number four. So, if we
are writing a prompt tip that you can do
is type ultra think. Now, you can use
this anytime you want. When you do that,
Claude changes the the design to like
this rainbow color here.
And that is just going to make Claude
think a little bit harder. Now, you
don't have to do anything but that. It's
just going to think harder and basically
give you use more tokens to to give you
a more well thoughtout result. So, tip
number four is to use ultraink. That's a
really quick one. Tip number five that I
want to talk about next are skills. So,
I'm going to go down to skills. Now, you
could also just start typing skills and
that's going to list available skills
that we have. So by default I have a
front-end design skill or not by default
a skill that I already added is the
front end design skill skill. So skills
are going to show you what skills you
have. Just going to list them. Now the
plugin if you do /plugins you can manage
clog code plugin. So that's basically
skills that you can download that other
people have created which is what I did
with that front-end design. But what's
great about skills is they can be used
across all of your cloud code instances
and you can create either download them
from other people or you can create them
yourself. So I could say create a skill
that is a YouTube title generator using
best practices of YouTube titles. So you
can just create skills inside of Claude.
You also could potentially just create a
markdown file outside of Claude and
upload it to your Claude skills folder.
But I think this is like the easiest way
to do it. So, it's going to create a
clause ghost directory and add a YouTube
title generator skill. So, it's going to
create that YouTube title generator
skill and then I'm going to show you how
to invoke it and then also why it's a
little bit different from agents and sub
aents. So, sub agents are working on
their own context window, their own
custom instructions. Skills are going to
work within the context window that
you're already in and you can stack them
and you could have multiple skills
working at the same time. So here it
created the skill as you can see core
principles title formulas that work etc.
I could also ask it to make changes but
I'm just going to say yes. Let's go
ahead and create that skill. So then
just like that now we have a skill
inside of cloud code that you can use
anytime you want. And then as I
mentioned you can stack them. So let's
say you have a title generator skill and
you have a script generator skill. You
could have it put those together and
then it would invoke those separately.
So there's two different skills that can
work together in one workflow. So that's
a really important tip. Tip number five,
definitely you should know about skills
and also agents. The next tip that you
need to know about is planning. So let's
say you're in cloud code, you want to
build a web app that measures my
workouts. Something simple. Now you
could just send this off, but there's a
really helpful feature called plan mode.
So if we do shift tab, that's a
shortcut. We can switch to plan mode on.
You can also cycle through to turn it
off. Now with plan mode on, we could
send that off and it is going to plan
out the app without actually creating it
first. So it's going to say it's happy
to build us one. Let's see what's in the
directory and then ask us questions to
understand what we're looking for. So
basically the nice thing about plan mode
is it's going to talk to us and it's not
going to actually write code until we
accept the plan. So we can see here it's
going to ask questions. It has workout
type, features, text, stack, data
storage and then submit. Then at that
point it would start actually building
the app. So strength training, cardio,
both for example. You can also do slash
command and then do plan to enable plan
mode. Plan mode's already on so we don't
have to do anything there. But plan mode
number six really helpful that you
should know how to do. Tip number seven
is that you can use claude inside of
IDE. Here I have claude running inside
of a terminal inside of cursor inside of
this folder. I created a folder called
tutorial claude code. So, Claude has
access to all the files in this folder
and can create files in the folder. So,
I'm using cursor. I'm not actually using
the cursor agent. Now, I could if I want
to, and you could use them both in
tandem, which can be helpful sometimes,
but here I've really built this app
fully with with clog code. And what it
did is it built the web app. It has all
the files here. What's nice about using
the IDE specifically is if I'm just in
the terminal, I can't easily see all the
files and the code and go into it
directly if I want to. Whereas here with
but in cursor, I actually can go in and
easily see all the code that's written.
It's just a little bit better of a way
to actually build apps and write code
and and really I think just a better way
to use cloud code in general because it
makes it really easy to see what's
inside of the folders or check like the
plan file for example. There's a lot
that we could do. So that's a really
helpful tip. The next tip that you
should know about is the claude.md file.
So this is a mark md stands for
markdown. It's just a markdown file.
It's a special file that Claude will use
to automatically pull in context when
starting a conversation. So, this is
something that you would basically add
here to your folder. So, I could create
a new file and call it claude.md. And
then in here, we could type custom
instructions that the claude agent is
going to always look at when it's
working with you. So, this could include
code styles, workflow. So, for example,
be sure to do type check when you're
done making a series of code changes.
There's a lot that you can do and put
inside of cloud code or inside of the
claw.md file for cloud code to look at.
So this is definitely something that you
should be aware of and and know that it
can do. And if you want, you could even
just ask it, hey, put X, Y, and Z into a
claude.md file. So you could just have
it do it. You don't have to even do it
manually if you want. There's also some
nice claw.md files available on GitHub
that other people have put out publicly
that you could check out. The last tip I
recommend is checking out the Clawude
Code documentation. This video covered
the basic tips to get you started and
things that I think will be helpful for
you to make sure you understand, but
there's so much in the documentation
that I don't have time to cover in this
video that's going to help you get the
most out of Claude Code. So, you can
definitely just jump into Claw Code and
start building with what I shared, but
you can also go into the documentation
and just read everything in more detail
and make sure that you're getting the
absolute most out of Clawed Code. So,
this is a really great resource and it's
a tip that I keep going back to to learn
more about cla code and how to use it. I
hope that you enjoyed this video. Check
out our channel for even more clouded
code tips and tricks. We have more
detailed videos covering cloud code in
even more detail and and we're going to
be creating even more videos about
claude code in the future. So, subscribe
to our channel to get those videos. If
you enjoyed this video, you're going to
enjoy our 2-minute vibe coding daily
newsletter. We send it out every morning
at 8 in the morning. You'll get it right
in your inbox. I read it every morning
to stay uptodate on all of the news from
the last day in AI and vibe coding. And
again, if you're watching this video, I
think you're going to really enjoy it as
well. So, subscribe for free. Click the
link in the description. Thanks for
watching. We'll see you in the next